#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-simple-history
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   requests-cache
bleach==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via django-helusers
cattrs==23.2.3
    # via requests-cache
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via django-helusers
django==4.2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-extra-fields
    #   django-filter
    #   django-helusers
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-modeltranslation
    #   django-orghierarchy
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
django-cors-headers==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-enumfields==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extra-fields==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==24.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-helusers==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-js-asset==2.2.0
    # via django-mptt
django-model-utils==4.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-modeltranslation==0.18.13
    # via -r requirements.in
django-mptt==0.16.0
    # via django-orghierarchy
django-orghierarchy==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-simple-history==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-timezone-field==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-extra-fields
    #   django-orghierarchy
    #   drf-spectacular
drf-spectacular==0.26.5
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-writable-nested==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ecdsa==0.19.1
    # via python-jose
ecs-logging==2.1.0
    # via elastic-apm
elastic-apm==6.22.2
    # via -r requirements.in
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via cattrs
holidays==0.49
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.7
    # via requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
jsonschema==4.22.0
    # via drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
packaging==24.0
    # via deprecation
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via requests-cache
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via holidays
python-jose==3.4.0
    # via django-helusers
pytz==2024.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via drf-spectacular
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   django-helusers
    #   django-orghierarchy
    #   requests-cache
requests-cache==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
rpds-py==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via python-jose
sentry-sdk==2.16.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   ecdsa
    #   python-dateutil
    #   url-normalize
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via django
swapper==1.3.0
    # via django-orghierarchy
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   cattrs
    #   django-modeltranslation
tzdata==2024.1
    # via -r requirements.in
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via drf-spectacular
url-normalize==1.4.3
    # via requests-cache
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   requests-cache
    #   sentry-sdk
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
whitenoise==6.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via elastic-apm
